Really confused.
I'm not confused. My spring breeze is serious.
How could you like this kind of woman?
Have you ever seen a woman being singled out by a man?
What? Let me tell you, if you have a father, he will be your eldest son.
He often bullies his wife's younger brother.
What? This makes me angry.
How could I be angry? I'm not angry.
Am I really not angry?
You sit and get really angry.
Okay, then since you entered this door, you are like a daughter-in-law.
So where is this Zhao Chen?
Like to eat yam and pork ribs
You should sell this yam skin.
How much do you like Ayu?
Ayu is so capable.
You let Ayu eat a small meal
Let you sell it
What nonsense is there?